40 Amazing Developers You Should Follow To Improve

Website developers that will teach you everything you need to know for HTML, CSS and JS. These creators do videos on frontend, backend, databases, cloud servers and much more. If you want to learn anything from React, Angular, Vue or even NodeJS, Mongo, AWS and much more, there are great people to follow here.

1. Ben Awad - @Ben Awad 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-8QAzbLcRglXeN_MY9blyw

2. The Coder Coder - @Coder Coder 
https://www.youtube.com/thecodercoder

3. Brad Traversy @Traversy Media 
https://www.youtube.com/user/TechGuyWeb

4. Dev Ed @Dev Ed 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClb90NQQcskPUGDIXsQEz5Q

5. Florin Pop @Florin Pop 
https://www.youtube.com/c/florinpop

6. Fireship IO @Fireship 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCsBjURrPoezykLs9EqgamOA

7. Danny Thompson @DThompsonDev 
https://www.youtube.com/DThompsonDev

8. The Net Ninja @The Net Ninja 
https://www.youtube.com/c/thenetninja

9. Niall Maher @Codú Community 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCvI5azOD4eDumpshr00EfIw/

10. William Candillon @William Candillon 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC806fwFWpiLQV5y-qifzHnA

11. developerHabits 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJLZwePkNHps5Bv7VwISyTA

12. Tim @Tech With Tim 
https://youtube.com/techwithtim

13. Gary Simon @DesignCourse 
https://www.youtube.com/user/DesignCourse

14. James Q Quick @James Q Quick 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-T8W79DN6PBnzomelvqJYw

15. Weibenfalk @Weibenfalk 
https://www.youtube.com/user/Weibenfalk

16. Kevin Powell @Kevin Powell 
https://www.youtube.com/user/KepowOb

17. Dennis Ivy @Dennis Ivy 
https://www.youtube.com/c/DennisIvy

18. codeSTACKr @codeSTACKr 
https://www.youtube.com/codeSTACKr

19. Chris Sean @Chris Sean 
https://www.youtube.com/c/ChrisSean

20. Erik @Program With Erik 
https://www.youtube.com/c/programwitherik

21. Swizec Teller @Swizec Teller 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoyHgaeLLI7Knp7LDHOwZMw

22. Gwen @Faraday Academy 
https://youtube.com/c/FaradayAcademy

23. Web Dev Simplified @Web Dev Simplified 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFbNIlppjAuEX4znoulh0Cw

24. Coding Garden @Coding Garden 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCLNgu_OupwoeESgtab33CCw

25. JavaScript Mastery @JavaScript Mastery 
https://www.youtube.com/JavaScriptMastery/

26. Ania @Code with Ania Kubów #JavaScriptGames 
https://www.youtube.com/aniakubow

27. CodingTutorials360 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmXmlB4-HJytD7wek0Uo97A

28. CalebCurry @Caleb Curry 
https://www.youtube.com/calebthevideomaker2

29. RealToughCandy @RealToughCandy 
https://www.youtube.com/realtoughcandy

30. Eddie Jaoude @Eddie Jaoude 
https://youtube.com/eddiejaoude

31. Eleftheria @Eleftheria Batsou 
https://www.youtube.com/c/eleftheriabatsou

32. Jesse Showalter @Jesse Showalter 
https://www.youtube.com/JesseShowalter

33. Catalin Pit 
https://www.youtube.com/CatalinPit

34. Justin Mitchel @CodingEntrepreneurs 
https://www.youtube.com/CodingEntrepreneurs/

35. CoderOne @CoderOne 
https://www.youtube.com/coderone

36. Ahmed Hadjou @Classsed 
https://www.youtube.com/classsed

37. Chau Codes @Chau Codes 
https://youtube.com/chaucodes

38. Dev Mentor Live @devmentorlive 
https://youtube.com/dementorlive

39. Claudio Bernasconi @Claudio Bernasconi 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCTbHPk0bIOQwTXuGgD195bw

40. Free Code Camp @freeCodeCamp.org 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8butISFwT-Wl7EV0hUK0BQ

